The artwork setup consists of two parts - the space itself and the computing system. The space is a rectangular room with a chair in the center of the room. It is preferred that the room has a window. The computing system includes a camera (that overlooks all of the room), a set of speakers (distributed around the room), a contact microphone (attached to the chair), a regular microphone (positioned outside of the room, picking up street sound) and an audio interface. All of these are powered and connected to a computer which runs Max MSP and Wekinator instances (where latter has been trained to recognize current installation space given the current camera pose). The system starts with opening the Max patch and enabling the PoseNet object (camera input should be selected accordingly via GUI). Once the body detection is running the Wekinator project should be open and run (it will receive inputs from Max/PoseNet and output system state back to Max. Make sure to no minimize PoseNet window as it will start running). At this point the system is set up and running. Depending on space, tweaks might be required in the speaker volumes as well as the microphone sensitivity, in particular to avoid feedback loop between the contact mic and the speakers. System can be tested an interacted with by moving around the space as well as sitting down in a chair.

If the camera and mics are not available, test can be done with blue GUI controls in the Max Presentation Mode - blue areas indicate controls that mimic the intended behavior of the space: separate tone enabling and sitting down in a chair. It will also replace the microphone input with a pre-recorded street ambience sounds.